here you guys okay so I'm doing another
outfit of the day video ok so today's
outfit or
today is really dressy I'm going to the
mall and going out to eat some sushi so
I just want to show you guys what I'm
wearing and flip you over to my mural ok
so this top is oh sorry I didn't mean to
bond you this top is really flowy
there's a lot of lace detailing you can
see I'm wearing an undershirt under it
because if I don't um you'll be really
ill be see-through right here and I
don't really like that look so just wore
a tan spaghetti strap underneath and the
color is kind of off-white beige and a
hint of lavender I would say and I got
this shirt at a store called love
culture I'm not sure if it's in all
states or whatnot but where I live we
have a love culture here and I really
really like it um I believe those twenty
dollars some like that but yeah I really
like all the lace detailing because it
really makes you look dressy and its
really loose fitting so it's really
comfortable okay and then this necklace
this is all one necklace it's layered it
has like a metal chain with pearls on it
right here then it has more pearls and
it has this flower accent it's just one
big bronze flower you can see and
another little bronze ball right here
but I think I've got this from Shh
either um love culture or forever 21 I
kind of forgot I think it's from love
culture and I paired it up with this
outfit because on this shirt it has two
little pearl beads right here as you can
see and it really matches and goes well
together so then I am for my hair I just
curled it all out words and put this
headband in this headband is like a
light pink headband with two little big
rhinestones like all this a dollar tree
like a year ago um if you guys been
following my old videos you can see that
I talks about this headband but yeah
it's just a really thin headband
up and for my ring I just am wearing
this it's just a pink what is it like a
pink ball ring with a pink butterfly and
rhinestones just something really
different I don't know I just want a
contrast so I paired up with pink guess
it kind of matches my headband and for
my genes I'm just wearing some skinny
legs um jeans from charlotte russe looks
like this really simple as a medium wash
and please don't mind I only have one
shoe on so i'll go like this cuz I don't
wear shoes in my room so I'm standing on
top of a magazine right there I just
brought the shoe up here too for this
video and so I can see what my outfit
will look like so I'm just going to put
my foot out here if you don't wide and
I'll show you these shoes i got these
boots at charlotte russe you guys seen
it before I showed them in a haul video
before they're called booties and they
just had like a slight pointed toe with
kind of suede material and I just liked
it because I'm since i'm wearing light
colors i kind of want to go pretty light
on the heels too or on the shoes so the
color palette is really really neutral
really sophisticated classy looking i
would say um and yeah I kind of really
like this outfit and I hope you guys do
too um I think that's all about I have
to show on the makeup if you want to
look I didn't put on any lipstick or
lipgloss yet I roll though but I just
kept it really simple on the eyes like i
normally always do i pretty much only
wear neutral colors all I mean every day
it's my outfit oh and also this the back
of my shirt it has a v-neck in the back
so I don't know it's really awkward but
this is what I look like in the back I
really like the back of this shirt too
so
yeah I hope you guys like it and i'll
talk to you guys in my next video okay
hi ok so i forgot to show you the purse
i'm going to be carrying i'm just
wearing this gold BB purse i got like a
few years ago um yeah and just keeping
the color palette really really neutral
and light so I'm sticking with like big
gold light pinks and stuff like that so
yeah just forgot to show you guys my
purse so i will talk to you later and
yeah like